The phone suddenly died.
Okay, that's it.
Also, these things, these things, they're all inclusive.
Swipe the card, go ahead.
It's like spending money on land.
I invited you today.
Come to the human resources department tomorrow to receive the award.
How much can the bonus be?
Don't you need me to drive anymore?
I have work to do today.
Just drive yourself.
It's all for me.
You like it?
Remember how expensive this diamond ring was?
You're the one I've wanted to marry since I was a kid.
Not money for much.
As long as you can cook raw rice.
Even when the cat's lies are exposed
Why worry about losing all of this?
Remember
I think.
Why do I conflict with the closeness of Ninh Ninh so much?
You friend friend friend
Take a break.
Early childhood
Heavy traffic
Your friend's gone.
Well, when did you meet?
Why don't you introduce me?
Well, wait until we get to know each other before we introduce you to each other.
Go out for a drink.
By the way, Yeon-yeon, I'm telling you, today
What is this?
Isn't this the diamond ring that our boss chose for his fiancée?